Add KVv2 known issue to release notes (#24632)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/kv2-url-change.mdx

> ### URL change for KV v2 plugin ((#kv2-url-change))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### URL change for KV v2 secrets engine ((#kv2-url-change))
```

#### Affected versions

1.15.0+

#### Issue

> Recent improvements to Vault included improvements and refactoring to the KV v2
> engine that affect existing plugin URLs.

Reviewer: I think we need to clarify that we're talking about the Vault UI changes.  

Something like...

```suggestion
Recent improvements to the Vault UI updated the URL structure of the KV v2 secrets engine that affect existing URLs.
```
